{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar \f4\fs22 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\li2880\widctlpar\phpg\posxc\posyb\absh-1980\absw7920\dxfrtext180\dfrmtxtx180\dfrmtxty0 \f4\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext15 
envelope address;}{\s16\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f4\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext16 header;}{\s17\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f4\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext17 footer;}}{\info{\title WELCOME:}{\author 0000}{\operator XXXXX}
{\creatim\yr1997\mo8\dy22\hr18\min16}{\revtim\yr1997\mo8\dy27\hr9\min23}{\version2}{\edmins2}{\nofpages8}{\nofwords1238}{\nofchars7058}{\*\company  }{\vern57431}}\margl1440\margr1440 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\hyphcaps0\fracwidth \fet0\sectd \binfsxn600\binsxn600\linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\widctlpar \f4\fs22 {\b\fs28 Multitroniks Inc.
\par Installation Guide
\par 
\par }{\b 2000 LVX Laser Assembly System with Vision / Win 95 operating system
\par 2000 LXI  Laser Conveyor Assembly System / Win 95 operating system
\par 2000 LX   Laser Assembly System / Win 95 operating system
\par }{\fs24 \tab 
\par }{\b\i All above models will be referenced as 2000 LVX unless otherwise specified.
\par }{\b\fs24 
\par }\pard \qc\widctlpar {\b\fs28\expnd9\expndtw46 Table Of Contents}{\b\fs24 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\fs24 
\par 
\par }\pard \li2160\sl360\slmult1\widctlpar {\b\fs24 Section 1 - Specifications\tab 
\par         \tab 
\par Section 2 - Installation\tab \tab }{\fs24 \tab 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li3240\sl360\slmult1\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\fs24 Site Preparation\tab \tab \tab 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}Unpacking System\tab \tab \tab 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}Accessory Package Contents\tab \tab 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}Cable & Air Hose Connections\tab 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}Applying Power to the System\tab 
\par }\pard \sl360\slmult1\widctlpar {\fs24 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc\sl360\slmult1\widctlpar {\b\fs28\expnd8\expndtw40 List Of Figures}{\fs24 
\par }\pard \li2160\widctlpar {\fs24 
\par }\pard \li2160\sl360\slmult1\widctlpar {\b\fs24 Figure 1}{\fs24 : Site Preparation
\par }{\b\fs24 Figure 2}{\fs24 : Lifting Locations
\par }{\b\fs24 Figure 3}{\fs24 : Machine Foot Attachment
\par }{\b\fs24 Figure 4}{\fs24 : Y-Axis and Z-Axis Shipping Straps
\par }{\b\fs24 Figure 5}{\fs24 : Display Monitor Locations
\par }{\b\fs24 Figure 6}{\fs24 : Cabinet Interior Cable Connections
\par }{\b\fs24 Figure 7}{\fs24 : Cabinet Exterior Cable Connections
\par }{\b\fs24 Figure 8}{\fs24 : Machine Frame Exterior Cable Connections
\par }\pard \sl360\slmult1\widctlpar {\fs24 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs24 \page 
\par }{\b\fs28 Section 1 - Specifications
\par }{\fs24 
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft990 \cellx4680\cellx9468 \pard \sb60\sa40\widctlpar\intbl {\b\fs24 Electrical Supply:\cell }{\fs24 110/120 VAC, 60Hz, 15 Amperes
\par \cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\fs24 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft990 \cellx4680\cellx9468 \pard \sb60\sa40\widctlpar\intbl {\b\fs24 Air Supply:\cell }{\fs24 90 PSI, 8 CFM, clean, dry air\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\fs24 \row }\pard 
\sb60\sa40\widctlpar\intbl {\b\fs24 2000 LVX Frame: 
\par }\pard \li720\sb60\sa40\widctlpar\intbl {\b\fs24 Weight:
\par Dimensions:\cell }\pard \sb60\sa40\widctlpar\intbl {\fs24 
\par 1200 Lb.
\par Width: 43\rdblquote , Length: 41\rdblquote , Height: 59\rdblquote \cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\fs24 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft990 \cellx4680\cellx9468 \pard \li720\sb60\sa40\widctlpar\intbl {\b\fs24 \cell }\pard \sb60\sa40\widctlpar\intbl {\fs24 
***insert maximum component size for laser and camera. Maximum pcb size. Maximum pick and place area etc.  See EP manual for guidelines.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\fs24 \row }\pard \widctlpar {\fs24 
\par  \page }{\b\fs28 Section 2 - Installation
\par }{\fs24 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc\widctlpar {\fs24 \tab }{\b\fs28\expnd8\expndtw40 Site Preparation
\par }{\fs24 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs24 
\par }\pard \sl360\slmult1\widctlpar {\fs24 The Multitron
iks 2000 LVX assembly system has been designed to use feeders on all four sides, and therefore requires placement away from any walls or other equipment. FIGURE 1 shows that a minimum of three feet (1 meter) is required on all sides for an operator to com
fortably load or remove component feeders.
\par ***Don\rquote t forget to insert Figure 1***
\par The floor that supports the 2000 LVX should be level and capable of supporting three to four times the weight of the machine itself.  This is primarily due to inertia genereate
d by the movement of the X and Y axis of the machine.  Insufficient floor support may cause excessive \ldblquote shaking\rdblquote 
 of the machine during normal operation.  The machine frame is in a weight range where it can not be moved by hand and requires the use of a for
k-lift or pallet jack.  It is recommended that the 2000 LVX be located on a ground floor level because of the added difficulty of lifting or supporting the machine to above ground floors}{\b\fs24 
.  Be sure to remove side panels before lifting to prevent damage.}{\fs24 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc\widctlpar {\fs24 \page 
\par }{\b\fs28\expnd8\expndtw40 Unpacking the Assembly Machine}{\b\fs24\expnd8\expndtw40 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs24 
\par 
\par The Multitroniks 2000 LVX Surface Mount Assembly system has been shipped to you in two crates. The larger crate contains the main assembly system, and the smaller crate contains the computer and all accessories.
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 1.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\fs24 Remove the sides and top from the larger crate.
\par }\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\pndec }{\fs24 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 2.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\fs24 
Remove the protective plastic wrapping. Be careful not to scratch the machine when cutting packaging material. Inspect and report any significant damage immediately to MultiTroniKs.
\par }\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\pndec }{\fs24 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 3.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\fs24 Pull open the scrap collection drawer, located in the rear access panel.
\par }\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\pndec }{\fs24 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 4.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\fs24 
Locate the black plastic rail locks which are located on each slide rail of the drawer. Snap both left and right rail locks up and lift the drawer up. When the drawer has been unlocked from the slides, remove the drawer by pulling it straight out.
\par }\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\pndec }{\fs24 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 5.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\fs24 The front, rear, and side panels are attached with hook-and-loop fasteners \ldblquote Velcro\rdblquote 
. Remove the front and rear panels by first pulling out the bottom and then sides of the panel.
\par }\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\pndec }{\fs24 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 6.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\fs24 Using a ***SIZE? wrench, remove the nuts on the two shipping brackets which hold the machine frame to the shipping skid.
\par }\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\pndec }{\fs24 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 7.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\fs24 
Raise the machine off the skid using a forklift. Be sure that outer panels are removed since the panels hang beyond the bottom of the crossmembers. Be sure that the forks extend beyond the crossmembers by a few inches. (SEE FIGURE 2).
\par }\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\pndec }{\fs24 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 8.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\fs24 Move machine to final position.
\par }\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\pndec }{\fs24 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 9.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\fs24 Before lowering the machine to the floor, attach the 4 leveling pads into the holes located in the levelin
g pad mounting plates. Be sure to leave about one inch of the threads exposed between the leveling pad and the plate to allow for minor adjustments in either direction. (SEE FIGURE 3).
\par }\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\pndec }{\fs24 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 10.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\fs24 
The lock nut should be located halfway between the full lower and upper stop points so that it turns freely, and yet does not block the \lquote flat\rquote  edges of the threaded foot bolt.
\par }\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\pndec }{\fs24 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 11.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\fs24 
After lowering the machine to the floor, adjust the 4 feet by turning the flattened part of the foot bolt with a wrench so that the machine base plate is level and does not rock between diagonally opposite corners.
\par }\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\pndec }{\fs24 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 12.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\fs24 Tighten the locking nuts up against the mounting plate.
\par }\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\pndec }{\fs24 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 13.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\fs24 Notify MultiTroniKs Service department that machine is in place and ready for setup by Field Engineer.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 14.\tab}Save all crating and packaging materials unless otherwise instructed.  \tab \tab 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs24 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc\widctlpar {\fs24 \page }{\b\fs28\expnd8\expndtw40 Unpacking the Accessory Package Crate
\par }{\fs24 (Performed by MultiTroniKs Field Engineer)
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs24 
\par }\pard \sl360\slmult1\widctlpar {\fs24 
The accessory package contains the computer system and all the standard and optional accessories ordered with the assembly system. Please compare your packing listh with accessories provided. If you are not familiar with the items,  ask your MultiTroniKs 
Field Engineer to confirm your order for you. Note that this section will only describe the set up and use of the standard items and is generally done by our Factory Trained Representative. Refer to the appendix for instructions on the proper set up and u
se of any optional accessories.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs24 
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 1.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\fs24 Remove the top from crate
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 2.\tab}Remove the computer, keyboard and monitors from their shipping boxes.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 3.\tab}Remove the front and rear panels from the machine.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 4.\tab}Remove Hook and Loop fasteners from one end and slide out the electronics cover plate.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 5.\tab}Slide the computer in from the front of the machine with the computer facing you.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 6.\tab}Connections to the PC will be labled on both the PC and the cables. Observe polarity and secure all connections to the PC.  Note: An additio
nal cable may be present that is not used. This was previously used for a jog pendent that is now software driven.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 7.\tab}Mount the keyboard onto hook and loop fasteners attached to the plexiglass cover.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 8.\tab}Place the computer monitor and video camera monitor screens on the top of the machine facing the front.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 9.\tab}Remove the three of the six 1/8\rdblquote  button head cap screws from Cable Access Plates located on the top rear side of the machine. Note: only one of the half circles need to be removed for sufficient access. 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 10.\tab}Feed the keyboard, monitor and power cables neatly into this hole.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 11.\tab}Replace Cable Acess Plate.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 12.\tab}From the Front of the machine, open the plexiglass cover and loosen by about three turns the ***How many hex head cap screws which secure the ceiling panel to the top of the machine.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 13.\tab} From the rear side of the machine, open the plexiglass cover and remove the ***How many?? Hex head cap screws which secure the ceiling panel to the top of machine.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 14.\tab}Carefully move the Placement Head to the middle of the machine
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 15.\tab}Gently Pulling down the ceiling panel from the rear of the machine you will notice female connectors for your associated periferals. Be sure to secure all connections.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 16.\tab}Secure ceiling panel.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 17.\tab}Place Calibration component into holder on the front right side of the machine. Be sure the Black side with the white circle is facing up.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 18.\tab}Remove the Cyberoptics laser from its packaging and secure it to the mounting bracket so that this laser \ldblquote Surrounds the nozzle holder. NOTE:
 The hex head mounting screws are metric for this item. Connect the white coaxial cable to the laser.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 19.\tab}
Remove nozzles from their packaging and insert them in sequential size order (largest to smallest from rear to front respectively) into the nozzle magazine located at the front left side of the machine. The magnets will self align these nozzles. Be sure t
hat the smallest nozzle is toward the front of machine.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 20.\tab}Carefully manually move the head to the far points of all axis, be sure that there are no
 obstructions. Observe limit switches and sensor flags for proper actuation. Be sure to leave the head in the center of the machine when done.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 21.\tab} Connect Air to the machine and adjust main vacuum to 80 PSI.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 22.\tab}Adjust Blow back pressure to 8 PSI.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 23.\tab}Connect power cord to machine, connect male end to a high quality power filter/surge protector.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 24.\tab}Be sure all emergency stop switches are up (off) and the head is in the center of the machine.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 25.\tab}Start Machine by turning the green power button.  Be sure that the PC and Monitors switches are also on.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 26.\tab}The Windows 95 desktop should appear with an Icon labled either Multitroniks or P2000. Click on this Icon to start machine program. 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 27.\tab}The machine will initialize all motors.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 28.\tab}Be sure to use standard \ldblquote Windows\rdblquote  operating proceedure when shutting down the machine. All programs should be exited before powering down the system.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 29.\tab}Replace the panels
\par {\pntext\pard\plain 30.\tab}Replace the scrap drawer
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\fs24 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }}